Okay, ich hab soweit alles mal übersetzt. Kannst natürlich gern mal drauf schauen.
Ich würd dann versuchen, das demnächst mal dann einzusprechen.

	
Anruf in Public zone:
"Hello are you the Troubleshooter? Thank God!
My name is John Greenwitch. We don't have much time.
I'm near you right now. Stay unobtrusive and don't look into my direction!
You need to help me. It is a matter of more than you might imagine.
Do you know the Prometheus Coorporation? One of the world's biggest bio companies.
Until recently I was an employee in the research department.
We were doing research on the most dangerous viral strains in the world.
Dengue fever Hanta, Ebola... what ever you can imagine!
A while ago "Project Pandora" was commencing. An antidote for a yet unknown virus. A virus which is mutating quickly, being highly contagious... and made by ourselves.
Soon they were putting pressure onto us. "It's urgent!", they said. But... do you understand? Why is the procution of an antidote urgent if you don't want to use it?
I must go. They are tracing back the phone call. I... I send you the coordinates. My records are hidden there... just in case... anything should happen to me.
You must find them before THEY do so. Send them to me. It is urgent! Hurry!
The life... the life of all of us depends on you! God bless you!"
		
		
3. Senden der auf der SD Karte befindlichen Daten an Informanten (Code eintippen)
Menü öffnen: 
"So, did you find the data? Enter the file name and upload them. Hurry!"

Wenn Richtig: 
"Very good, very good! These are the research data. We may work with them. I still need to decrypt them but I believe I can make out the details about their plan to use the virus... and perhaps even making an antidote.
Trust me, we can make it! I call you once I have news!"

Wenn Falsch: 
"No, no! These are not the correct data. You are looking for a memory card. Keep searching!"
		
4. Anruf von Mr. Johnson von der Zeus Inc. 
"Greetings! Please listen to me carefully! My name is Johnson. You don't know me. But we have a common goal. To stop this virus from spreading.
I'm working for the Zeus Inc. A competitor to those who want to release the virus tonight. According to my information you are working together with John Greenwitch. He has an antidote. We confirm that.
But listen! The antidote is useless for you. You hope they have only one source of infection. But believe me. A company like the Prometheus Corporation always has a plan B.
Even if you were successful neutralising the virus - tomorrow there will be another source for it 10.000 miles away from here.
You can not win against a multi-billion-dollar corporation like them. We do!
Bring that scientist to us. With his help we can synthesise the antidote and make it available for everyone.
Sure some may die. But with your help it won't be everyone!
It is your decision. But can you live with the burden of failing here?
We were able to trace back the source of his call. Proceed to that area. As soon as he calls you to give you the antidote - call us!
We will take care of the rest.
I hate to say this but the future of mankind is depending on you! Don't forget that!"
		
5. Anruf vom Informanten. 
"Hello are you there?
Using the research data I created a provisional antidote. It is capable of disabling the virus. But it is higly unstable.
You need to hurry! Come to the following coordinates. I give you the antidote there."
		
6A (Ausliefern) -> Mr. Johnson anrufen und Koordinaten mitteilen 
"Thank you! I must admit I had my doubts about you. But trust me it was the right thing. You did mankind a great service!
Let me express my gratitude. We have a small reward prepared for you. Come to these coordinates.
Oh and there is something else... I really do appreciate your work. Especially now we need decisive personnel.
I want you in my team. Think about that! Be god with you!"

6B Gegenmittel an sich nehmen (Nicht ausliefern) -> Ausliefern Task deaktivieren!
Anruf von Greenwitch: 
"Please, excuse me. I couldn't wait for you. They are chasing me!
I had to leave back the culture dish with the antidote. Find it. It is reacting strongly on UV light!
Make a note of the DNA sequence. And then - destroy that god damn virus!
But you have to hurry! The virus is unstable. If it mutates the antidote is completely useless. You have got only a few minutes!
		
Wenn richtig:
"Yes! Very good. You got it. Now move to the virus and destroy it!"
Wenn falsch:
"No, this is the wrong sequence. Search for the Antidote!"
		
Virusbehälter finden.
Anruf: 
"Quick! The time is running! According to my calculation you have less then 5 minutes until the virus is mutating.
The antidote is useless then. Keep looking for the culture dish. it is also reacting strongly on UV light."

Timer bei 3 Minuten:
"You didn't find it yet? I assume it is close to a water source so it can spread quickly. Try searching there!"

Timer abgelaufen:
"God damn it! You didn't make it! God have mercy on us!
But... no. No! It is not too late. We might have lost the battle. 
But we are not beaten yet!
There is still hope. Come to these coordinates! There you may find a ... dead letter box.
To prevent the worst we need to find other troubleshooters now.
I rely on your help with that!"
		
Wenn Timer gestoppt:
"Yehaa! Fantastic! You made it. You did destroy the virus!
The Prometheus Corporation will not abandon the field that easily but for the time being mankind is safe!
Come to these coordinates. There you will find a dead letter box.
To put a stop to the Prometheus' activities we need to find other heros like you.
I rely on your help with that!"
